Guides

Guide#1
Name: Nicholas Cage

Guide Profile: 
Mabuhay!, I am your Tour Guide, who have the knowledge and understanding of my country's natural beauty and uniqueness. Graduated from one of the most prestigious schools in the country who knows the tourism industry which will make your visit memorable that you will treasure for a lifetime. I come to you as an experienced guide of over ten years, with sound, business management and a desire to be sure you have the fullest experience during your stay here in the Philippines. You will be safe and delighted with my tours as I offer you a personalized and group experience to the most beautiful places in my country. I can also advise you of the most popular night clubs, best hotels and finest dining or, a traditional colorful healthy robust Philippine meal, entertainment and cultural activities. Additionally, as your guide I can advise or make arrangements for your day and evening activities at a reasonable rate or book your hotels in advance, within your price range. I do also flight bookings and reservations for local tours.

Languages: English, French





Guide#2

Name: Chuck Norris

Guide Profile: 
If you wanna experience some nightlife, visit clubs, nice pubs and artspaces, join me! :) I will for sure show you that sightseeing can be extremely interesting! For those who like streetart I can arrange a tour through abandoned beautiful temples of graffiti and tags. Feel welcome! There is never a dull tour of the City of Cebu  with me as your Guide. See their unique beauty, history, monuments, museums and hot spots for your day, I adeptly know them all. Make your vacation a wonderful memorable event with me. Detailed and customized descriptions of tours for individuals, couples and groups will be offered. Additional information and specialty tours can be arranged just for you. See and experience the Philippines at reasonable rates and with an experienced and expert Guide.

Languages: English, French




Guide#3
Name: Adelle "hello, it's me"

Guide Profile: 
A graduate of Bachelor of Arts in Mass Communication. My interest in History, foreign culture and photography led me to a Tourguide training. I can speak Japanese Language fluently. I have led large company group tours and specialized tours for vip's, couples, students, retirees, and families . Book your tailor made holidays with me and spell the difference. Best prices! Best Holidays! It's more fun in the Philippines. I am a traveller myself and always like to explore new places, getting to know them inside out. Not only will I show you what Cebu has to offer in terms of culture, history, fashion, food and nightlife, but I will also show you what's brewing and let you experience the city as if you were living there yourself. See you! 

Languages: English, Japanese




Guide#4
Name: Oprah

Guide Profile: 
Travelling is fun and exciting things to do, places to see and itineraries for places all over the world. All travelers are strangers in a foreign land but please don't be afraid to travel on your own. Of course, as this will be your first "real" travel experience let me help you exploring the Philippines and some fascinating islands and beautiful scenery in hassle free and affordable fee.

Languages: English




Guide#5
Name: Robert Downey Jr.

Guide Profile: 
I am actually studying tourism, and this is because I love getting to know people from all over the world. Don't you think it is kind of magic? My favorite thing to do in Cebu is wander around the old city and discover new streets, meet new people and enjoy the Queen City of the South.  I love to travel and adventure. Travel is the only thing in life that makes you richer. I've been to a lot of places, and this time I I want to share those beautiful scenery with you guys. Lets travel , enjoy and have fun. Lets explore the beauty of Cebu and its neighboring provinces.

Languages: English, Spanish




Guide#6
Name: Ellen Degenneres

Guide Profile: 
I love my country very much, hence why I love my job as a tour guide, which gives me the opportunity to introduce true Philippines to the world. I'm very accustomed to Japanese and Korean tourists, but have also toured Russians and Americans. I speak English and Japanese fluently; can also understand a bit of Korean. I was born and raised in Cebu, and can assure you that Cebu is truly a tourist destination. I'm attached to Cebu Licensed Tour Guides Association!

Languages: English, Japanese, Korean

